♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rocky] "Pups Take the Cake."
Foggy Bottom wins the cake contest.
Accepting for Foggy Bottom is me!
Mmm, mmm. Victory tastes good.
Careful, Mayor Humdinger.
Too much cake can give you a tummy ache.
Foggy Bottom won last year's
Tallest and Tastiest Cake Contest.
But this year will be different.
Yeah, Mr. Porter's going to win
for Adventure Bay.
Right, Mr. Porter?
I'll do my best.
And no time to waste.
All the cakes have to be built, baked,
and brought here by lunchtime today.
Lunchtime?
-Oh no! That's too soon!
-[horns honking]
Rubble and Marshall,
why don't you lend a paw?
Yeah, Mr. Porter always lets us
lick the bowl when he's baking.
-Yum.
Just make sure you don't get in the way.
We won't be in the way.
We'll just see if he needs any help.
Sorry, pups, no time to taste.
I have too many cakes
in the oven right now.
What kind of cake is it going to be?
I was saving that for a surprise.
But it's a Lookout cake.
[both] Cool!
[both bark]
I'll build it cake brick by cake brick.
Like these, Grandpa?
Yes.
How many do you need?
Oh, about 1,000.
-How many have you made?
-Three.
Oh, only three?
I kind of got distracted
by my race cars.
[sniffs]
Something's burning.
[gasps] My cakes! Whoa!
[barks] Water cannon!
Water spray! [barks]
I'll have to start over again!
I need flour and sugar and eggs.
Hold these, please.
[chuckles]
How will I finish my cake
in time for the contest?
[Rubble] I know how:
with some help from the PAW Patrol.
Yeah, that's a great idea.
Of course. I'll call Ryder.
He'll save the day.
[phone rings]
Hi, Mr. Porter. What's up?
It's the cake! It's burned!
I have to start over. And I need help.
Don't worry, Mr. Porter.
No cake is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[all barking]
What's with the eggs?
Uh-oh. Whoa.
[pups grunt]
Oops. Sorry, guys.
I eggs-identally tripped.
[chuckles]
[all groan]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for hustling, pups.
We have to help Mr. Porter
fix the Lookout cake
and get it to city hall
before the contest starts.
[beeps]
Marshall, we need your water cannons
to fill the cake pans with batter, fast.
I'm fired up!
[beeps]
Rubble, we'll need your shovel
to help lift cake pans and bags of flour.
Rubble on the double!
[beeps]
Rocky, I need you and your tool arm
to help cut the cake into bricks.
Green means go!
[beeps]
And Chase, I'll need you and
your megaphone to keep things organized.
Chase is on the cake. I mean, case.
[laughs]
[all laugh]
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-Whoa! Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
[tires screech]
Rubble on the double!
Time to use my… [barks] …shovel.
Thanks, Rubble.
No problem.
The cake batter is all ready.
Okay, Marshall.
[barks] Batter up.
Oops. [barks]
Sorry, Mr. Porter.
[sighs]
Not a problem.
[barks] Fill 'em up.
That's batter. I mean, better.
Cake pans coming through!
We'll have to hurry.
We still need 997 cake bricks.
[laughs] Yup.
[laughs]
-[all cheering]
-Great job, everyone.
If nothing else goes wrong,
we might have just enough time
to ice the cake before the contest ends.
[Rubble] Icing coming through!
[chuckles] Whoa! Look out!
[gasps]
Sorry, Mr. Porter.
I tripped over something.
My cars and track!
I should have cleaned them up.
It was an accident, Alex.
But now I have to make more icing.
We'll never finish
the Lookout cake in time.
It'll get finished in time
if we all pitch in.
[all cheer]
-[Chase] Whoa!
-[Marshall] Wow!
[Rubble] Awesome!
It looks fantastic!
Good enough to eat,
but something's missing.
Hmm.
The slide. There's no slide!
We don't have time to make one.
We have to get the cake
to city hall right now.
-Rocky!
-[barks]
Let's get this cake loaded.
You got it. [howls]
Megaphone! [barks]
Okay, Rocky, take it slow.
[laughs]
Aim for the base.
Slow, slow, you got it!
-Yay! [barks]
-[truck beeping]
Whoa, Rocky, it's tipping over!
It's going to fall!
We need something to keep it straight!
[gasps] Oops.
Hey, how about--
There's got to be
something here we can use.
Ryder, Grandpa--
Just a minute, Alex.
We're looking for something--
Something that can hold up
the cake, like this: my racetrack!
We can curve it around the tower
just like the slide.
Great idea, Alex!
Come on, everyone. Let's build a slide!
[all cheer]
Good thing I left out my cars and track,
huh, Grandpa?
Well, using the track to hold up
the cake was a very good idea.
There.
The cake is straight again!
And now it has a slide.
I sure hope it's the tallest.
Let's get moving. Time's almost up.
[siren blaring]
And the best thing about my fantastic
fish cake is that it's made of fish.
Ew.
[meows]
[chuckles]
The icing is made from actual fish scales!
[purrs]
[chuckles] Cali likes it.
Blegh.
Oh, look,
the hot-air-balloon cake… again.
Once a cake-contest-winner,
always a cake-contest-winner.
Hmph.
[static hisses]
In ten seconds, there will be no more
entries allowed in the cake contest.
Ten, nine, eight,
seven, six…
Oh no!
-Ah!
-…five, four
-three, two, one!
-[siren blaring]
-We made it!
-[buzzer sounds]
You did it make it, just in time.
The Tallest and Tastiest Cake Contest
is closed.
[grumbles]
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
Mmm.
[snickers]
Hmm.
Tallest…
[gasps]
-[gasps]
Hmm.
[gasps]
And tastiest!
-What?
-It's official!
The winner is Mr. Porter
and his Lookout Tower cake.
[cheering]
-Alex, we won!
-Whoo!
Yeah!
Congratulations, Mr. Porter.
Thanks, Ryder. I couldn't have done it
without you and the pups.
Our pleasure.
If you ever need a paw, just yelp--
-Or bake--
-[both laugh]
For help.
I guess there's only one thing left to do.
-Let them eat cake!
-Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
You heard him. Go get a piece.
You're all good pups.
Guess you need to put
just a little bit more hot air
in your balloon cake next year,
Mayor Humdinger.
Ha! Next year,
I'll have lots more hot air.
I'm sure that you will, Mayor. [chuckles]
[grumbles]
♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[groans]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[all laugh]
Marshall, you sure do take the cake.
[theme song playing]